Makeover
This orphanage belongs to Xu Yaokai
And he
It's my girlfriend.
Girlfriend
Lin Feng, you are a scum
Did you get along with him before we got divorced?
And you sold the house to an agent for him, right?
Xiaoyi, don't be unreasonable.
I rocked here after our divorce
As for whether I sell the house or not, it has something to do with you.
I never saw you treat me so well when we weren't divorced
I even sold my house for my new love
Lin Feng, you are a scum
you
Don't open an orphanage without that strength
It will only pit these children, you ask
Don't go too far
Why am I not telling the truth?
Look at these kids
The food and clothing are not ordinary bad
Miss Xu, you can't take advantage of these children's cheeks, can you?
This lady
Don't talk nonsense if you don't know the situation
Do you know what Miss Xu has done for these children?
So what?
Our children here are not in good health
Miss Xu, in order to treat them
Not only did he sell his company
Even his own house was built
Have you ever seen anyone amass money this way?
Ah, honey.
eat
Xiaoqiu, you are enough
Yeah.
Miss Xia, if you have anything to do with me, please speak directly
If you are here to find fault today
Forgive me for not receiving
I am here to offer condolences on behalf of Yimen Company
Are you going to drive me away?